PREVIOUSLY
ON PRETTY LITTLE LIARS...
NOEL KAHN IS "A."
NOEL.
"I SEE YOU." IT MEANS
SOMEBODY SAW US LAST NIGHT.
IT DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING.
THE BANK LOAN CAME THROUGH.
IN A LASAGNA BOX?
IT IS A LOAN.
UNAUTHORIZED.
I'M GAY.
THIS IS COMPLETELY WRONG,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
SHE IS STRUGGLING WITH THIS.
I CAN SEE IT.
I KNOW YOU WANT TO KISS ME.
IS THERE, UH,
ANYTHING YOU CAN TELL ME
ABOUT WHAT YOU SEE?
I THINK SHE'S TALKING
TO THE OLDER BOY.
SO-CALLED, UH,
MYSTERY BOYFRIEND?
"ALISON LOVES IAN"?
WE'RE MARRIED.
( both laugh )
YOU'RE WHAT?
ISN'T HILTON HEAD
IN SOUTH CAROLINA?
I THOUGHT YOUR GRANDMA
LIVED IN GEORGIA.
IT'S STILL THE SOUTH, SPENCE.
WHY SO MANY QUESTIONS?
HE'S GOT A LOT OF STUFF, IAN.
( chuckles softly )
YEAH. SUDDENLY HE'S,
UH, EVERYWHERE.
( indistinct whispers )
( stair creaks )
IS SOMEONE THERE?
MELISSA, NO ONE
COULD HAVE HEARD US.
( computer beeping )
The Pierces:
¶ GOT A SECRET ¶
¶ CAN YOU KEEP IT? ¶
¶ SWEAR THIS ONE YOU'LL SAVE ¶
¶ BETTER LOCK IT
IN YOUR POCKET ¶
¶ TAKING THIS ONE
TO THE GRAVE ¶
¶ IF I SHOW YOU
THEN I KNOW YOU ¶
¶ WON'T TELL WHAT I SAID ¶
¶ 'CAUSE TWO
CAN KEEP A SECRET ¶
¶ IF ONE OF THEM IS DEAD ¶
'MORNING.
YOU OKAY? YOU SEEM
A LITTLE JUMPY.
YEAH. YOU SURPRISED ME,
THAT'S ALL.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE BACK.
YEAH, WE DIDN'T--
WE DIDN'T WAKE YOU LAST NIGHT?
I MEAN, YOU DIDN'T HEAR US?
NO. LIKE I SAID,
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
YOU WERE BACK.
SO, IS THIS ALL
GOING IN THE BARN?
HAVE YOU SEEN
YOUR SISTER'S WARDROBE?
NO, THE MOVERS ARE
COMING ON FRIDAY.
WE'RE GOING TO MOVE IT
TO OUR PLACE IN PHILLY.
OH.
LISTEN, SPENCE, UM...
I KNOW OUR DECISION
TO GET MARRIED WAS SUDDEN,
AND... YEAH, I GET
THAT IT'S THROWN YOU,
BUT... YOU KNOW,
WE'RE FAMILY NOW.
I HOPE YOU START
THINKING OF ME LIKE THAT.
SO, HOW WAS THE HONEYMOON?
OH, IT'S PERFECT.
NO GOLF FOR THE NEWLYWEDS?
WELL, YOU KNOW, WE SPENT
MOST OF OUR TIME INDOORS.
H-HAVE YOU EVER
PLAYED HERE?
WHAT, HILTON HEAD?
YEAH.
ALISON WENT
TO A TOURNAMENT THERE
WITH HER GRANDMOTHER.
REALLY?
UH-HUH. SHE DISAPPEARED
THE NIGHT SHE GOT HOME.
IS IT A NICE COURSE?
UH, YEAH,
FROM WHAT I REMEMBER,
BUT IT WAS YEARS AGO.
( sizzling )
'MORNING.
AH. GOOD MORNING.
OKAY, GO AHEAD,
YOU CAN SAY IT OUT LOUD--
"DAD HAS GOTTEN THE HANG
OF THIS SINGLE PARENT THING."
IT LOOKS GOOD.
YEAH.
DID YOU SEE MOM
LAST NIGHT?
UM... YES, I DID.
HOW'D IT GO?
WELL...
WHAT I THOUGHT WAS GOING
TO BE A DATE WITH YOUR MOM
TURNED INTO YOUR MOM
TELLING ME THAT SHE'S
DATING... OTHER PEOPLE.
WHAT?
AND YOU'RE OKAY WITH THAT?
IT'S NOT REALLY MY PLACE
TO TELL HER THAT SHE CAN'T.
THAT'S JUST SO YOU, DAD.
YOU LIE AND CHEAT,
BUT YOU DRAW THE LINE
AT HYPOCRISY.
YOU'RE SUCH A ROLE MODEL.
MIKE!
( door slams )
( Southern accent )
HI. I'M PLANNIN'
A SURPRISE VISIT
FOR MY HUSBAND, AND HE
CANNOT STOP TALKIN'
ABOUT THE ROOM HE HAD
ON HIS LAST VISIT.
CAN YOU PULL UP
THAT RESERVATION?
HIS NAME IS IAN THOMAS.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
I THINK IAN AND ALISON
WERE TOGETHER
THE WEEKEND BEFORE
SHE DISAPPEARED.
DO YOU REMEMBER
HOW ALISON WAS ACTING
WHEN SHE GOT HOME FROM
VISITING HER GRANDMOTHER?
ALL GIGGLES AND TAN?
YEAH.
ALIE HATED OLD PEOPLE,
AND ALIE'S GRANDMOTHER
LIVES IN GEORGIA.
HILTON HEAD
IS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
SHE WAS LYING TO US.
SO WHAT?
ALISON LIED
MORE THAN SHE BREATHED.
YOU THINK THAT WAS ENOUGH
TO MAKE IAN WANT TO
PERMANENTLY SHUT HER UP?
WOW. I THOUGHT YOU'D BE
HAPPY TO HEAR IT WAS
ANYBODY BUT TOBY.
ALL TOBY WANTED
WAS FOR ME TO BELIEVE HIM,
AND I DIDN'T.
TOBY LIED ABOUT
A LOT OF THINGS TOO, EM.
IF LYING WAS A CRIME,
WE WOULD ALL BE IN JAIL.
AGENT COOPER.
GOOD MORNING.
HI.
BEAUTIFUL DAY, HUH?
THANKS FOR DRIVING ME.
HANNA, I'M YOUR MOTHER.
SINCE WHEN DO YOU THANK ME
FOR TAKING YOU ANYWHERE?
I FEEL GUILTY, OKAY?
AND I CAN'T STOP
THINKING ABOUT THE MONEY.
I'D FEEL BETTER
IF YOU'D YELL AT ME.
( mirthless chuckle )
WELL, IF I THOUGHT IT
WOULD BRING BACK THE CASH.
SO, ARE WE
TOTALLY BROKE AGAIN?
NOT TOTALLY. NO.
THANK YOU, GOD,
I ALREADY USED
SOME OF THE MONEY
TO GET US OUT OF DEBT.
THE PLAN WAS
TO INVEST THE REST
SO I COULD REPLACE IT ALL
BEFORE ANYONE
REALIZED IT WAS GONE.
WELL, IF THE BANK FINDS OUT
ABOUT YOUR UNAUTHORIZED LOAN,
THAT'S... IT'S LIKE
A FELONY, RIGHT?
IT'S ONLY A FELONY
IF THEY FIND OUT.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE TRADED IN
HER WHEELS FOR HEELS.
THEY'RE FLATS,
BUT THEY ARE FERRAGAMOS.
THANK YOU.
Agent Cooper:
THE FOOD IN THIS
TOWN IS TO DIE FOR.
I'M MISSING IT ALREADY.
ARE YOU GOING SOMEWHERE?
CAME HERE TO FIND THE PERSON
THAT KILLED YOUR FRIEND.
TOBY CAVANAUGH
MAY BE OUT ON BAIL,
BUT HE'S NOT LEAVING TOWN,
AND WE HAVE A SOLID CASE
AGAINST HIM.
SO, UNLESS YOU HAVE
A REASON FOR ME TO STAY...
WELL, I GUESS WE'LL
SEE YOU AROUND, THEN.
YOU GIRLS TAKE CARE.
BYE.
What?
Ian was definitely
at Hilton Head
the same weekend Alie was.
Maybe we do have a reason
for Cooper to stay.
AGENT COOPER IS NOT
SOME SMALL-TOWN COP
THAT'S GOING TO ARREST
SPENCER'S BROTHER-IN-LAW
BECAUSE ALIE CARVED
HIS NAME INTO A TREE.
YEAH, A TREE
THAT'S NO LONGER THERE.
NO ONE KNOWS THAT BUT US.
AND IAN.
AND "A."
( inaudible )
NOEL LED US TO THAT TREE
FOR A REASON.
IS "A"...
I MEAN, IS NOEL
TRYING TO HELP US FIND
ALIE'S KILLER?
"A" HELPING US?
WOW, THAT'S A FIRST.
HOW COULD NOEL EVEN KNOW
ABOUT IAN AND ALIE?
HAVE YOU EVER NOTICED
HOW NOEL IS ALWAYS AROUND?
ARE THEY FRIENDS?
NO.
HANNA'S RIGHT
ABOUT COOPER.
WE NEED TO FIND
SOME KIND OF PROOF.
THANK YOU,
VERONICA MARS.
THAT PROOF MAY BE
BOXED IN YOUR KITCHEN.
HI.
HEY.
ARE WE STILL ON
TILL LATER?
YOU KNOW,
NOW THAT YOUR DAD'S GONE?
YEAH, MY DAD KNOWS
HOW MY DAD FEELS
ABOUT US.
IN OTHER WORDS,
HE'LL TOLERATE ME.
SHE'S SPENDING THE DAY
IN THE CITY,
SO YOU'LL BE SAFE,
I PROMISE.
WHAT'S LATER?
UM, STUDYING.
IS THAT GIRL-ON-GIRL CODE
FOR ROMANCE?
NO, HANNA,
WE'RE ACTUALLY STUDYING.
BUT YOUR FRIEND
IS A ROMANTIC.
IS SHE?
OH, YEAH. UM...
WALKS IN THE RAIN,
PICNICS BY THE LAKE,
DANCING NAKED IN CANDLELIGHT.
( laughing )
I'M JUST KIDDING.
WE GO TO DINNER AND A MOVIE,
JUST LIKE YOU GUYS.
WELL, SHE'S NOT
ENTIRELY KIDDING.
EMILY WOULD LOVE TO DO
ALL OF THOSE THINGS.
OKAY, YOU'VE SHARED ENOUGH.
NICE VEST.
THIS IS YOUR
TEACHER LOOK, RIGHT?
I'M AN OBSERVANT GUY.
I SEE THINGS OTHER PEOPLE
MAY NOT NOTICE.
YOUR POINT IS?
ARIA TOLD ME THAT YOU
MIGHT HAVE MISUNDERSTOOD
OUR PREVIOUS CONVERSATION,
ABOUT MY DISAPPOINTING GRADE.
IT'S SWEET HOW CLOSE
YOU TWO ARE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANT TO MAKE THIS
EASY FOR YOU.
THIS IS A BRAND-NEW PAPER,
AND, TRUST ME,
IT'S WORTHY OF AN "A."
YEAH, THIS IS THE SAME ESSAY.
YOU JUST REPRINTED IT.
WELL, LAST TIME WE TALKED,
I WANTED THE "A."
THIS TIME I NEED IT,
OR I DON'T GET TO SUIT UP
FOR FRIDAY'S GAME.
IT'S A FEW STROKES OF A PEN.
WHY IS IT SO HARD FOR YOU?
IF YOU HAVE
TO ASK THE QUESTION,
YOU WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND
MY ANSWER.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, KAHN?
I WAS LOOKING FOR
ARIA MONTGOMERY.
SHE'S GOT
FIRST PERIOD HERE, RIGHT?
SO, ARE YOU TWO
STILL HOOKING UP?
THE THING ABOUT ARIA IS,
SHE'S WAY INTO OLDER GUYS.
GIVE ME THE PAPER.
I CAN REREAD IT TODAY.
I KNEW YOU'D DO
THE RIGHT THING.
Aria: HEY.
HEY!
DO YOU WANT TO GRAB
A COFFEE AFTER SCHOOL?
I COULD USE A STUDY BUDDY.
I WOULD, BUT I HAVE
PHYSICAL THERAPY.
HEY, I JUST HEARD
THAT TOBY'S HERE.
WOULD THEY LET HIM
COME BACK TO SCHOOL?
Boy: HEY, FREAK
COMING THROUGH!
Man: BACK OFF.
GET TO CLASS.
STEP BACK.
MURDERER.
STEP ASIDE, PLEASE.
LET'S GO.
( chuckling )
¶ WE WERE GONNA DRIVE
ACROSS THE COUNTRY ¶
¶ LIVE IN SPAIN ¶
¶ OR ITALY ¶
¶ WE WERE GONNA CLIMB... ¶
OINK-OINK.
¶ TO THE TOP
OF THE EIFFEL TOWER ¶
¶ STAY UP ALL NIGHT ¶
¶ FOR THE METEOR SHOWER ¶
¶ BUT WE ARE
STILL YOUNG ENOUGH ¶
¶ AND WE'VE STILL GOT TIME ¶
( doorbell rings )
¶ IT'S NOT TOO LATE ¶
I UNDERSTAND.
POOR HANNA.
¶ AND SWIM WITH SHARKS ¶
¶ MEMORIZE THE PATTERN ¶
¶ OF THE STARS ¶
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
FEEL THIS WAY.
I CAN SHOW YOU
HOW TO GET RID OF IT.
¶ WE WERE GONNA
FALL IN LOVE ¶
¶ REALIZE SOMETIMES ¶
¶ IT'S NOT ENOUGH ¶
¶ WE ARE
STILL YOUNG ENOUGH ¶
¶ WE'VE STILL GOT TIME ¶
( laughter )
DO YOU LIKE THAT?
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
( laughter continues )
EMILY!
MOM! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I WON'T LIVE LIKE THIS.
LIKE WHAT?
I-I THOUGHT YOU
WERE GONNA BE OUT.
AND THAT GIVES
YOU PERMISSION...?
I-I CAN'T EVEN IMAGINE
WHERE THIS WAS HEADED.
PAM, I PROMISE
WE WERE STUDYING.
THAT'S ALL.
MRS. FIELDS.
I AM MRS. FIELDS TO YOU.
I THINK I SHOULD GO.
I'M SO SORRY, MAYA.
IT'S OKAY. YOU DIDN'T
DO ANYTHING WRONG.
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN MY LIFE,
I AM ASHAMED
THAT YOU'RE MY MOTHER.
HANNA?
HEY, ARE YOU OKAY?
Boy: OINK-OINK.
DON'T YOU GUYS HAVE PRACTICE,
OR DID YOU LOSE YOUR BALLS?
I THOUGHT YOU HAD
PHYSICAL THERAPY.
I LIED.
DO YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT IT?
( chuckles )
I WISH I COULD.
I REALLY HATE "A."
HE HAS SOMETHING ON MY MOM
THAT CAN GET HER INTO
A LOT OF TROUBLE.
WHAT DOES HE WANT YOU TO DO?
REMEMBER WHEN I USED TO EAT
WHEN I GOT NERVOUS
OR FELT BAD?
ALISON...
WALKED IN ON ME
AFTER A BINGE, AND...
SHE WAS ACTUALLY KIND.
OR SO I THOUGHT.
SHE HELPED ME THROW UP.
HANNA...
THAT'S SO DANGEROUS.
I KNOW, AND...
THAT WAS JUST SUCH A LOW
POINT IN MY LIFE THAT...
I STARTED TAKING
BETTER CARE OF MYSELF.
I KNEW I COULD BE
STRONGER THAN THAT.
YEAH, AND YOU ARE.
( sighs )
HE IS SUCH A BITCH.
( disgusted sigh )
HEY. YOU OKAY?
YEAH. I'M OKAY.
DID YOU TAKE ANOTHER
LOOK AT MY PAPER?
YES.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
IT'S THE GRADE YOU EARNED.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS?
HEY, I'M TALKING TO YOU!
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT IT MEANS.
Woman: OH, MY GOSH,
THIS IS AMAZING!
( indistinct conversation )
WHY DON'T YOU SAVE US
THE COST OF A TRIAL
AND DROP DEAD!
ICE CREAM IS SO GOOD.
¶ YOUR HEART
GAVE UP THE FIGHT ¶
¶ DOWN, DOWN, DOWN ¶
¶ PLEASE DON'T TAKE HER ¶
¶ MY BREAD ALL WINTER ¶
¶ I'M GONE ¶
¶ LIKE THE LOVERS ¶
¶ GONE ¶
¶ LIKE THE LIARS ¶
¶ IS MY ACHIN' ¶
¶ GONE ¶
¶ IS MY LOVE ¶
WE NEED TO TALK.
YOUR FRIEND
LEFT HER BACKPACK HERE.
I RETURNED IT
TO HER PARENTS.
ARE YOU DOING DRUGS
WITH HER? IS THAT WHAT
THIS WHOLE THING IS ABOUT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
ARE YOU STONED?
NO!
LOOK, HONEY, I WANT YOU
TO KNOW THIS HAS
NOTHING TO DO
WITH HER BEING A GIRL.
IF IT WERE A BOY...
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
GONE THROUGH HIS THINGS.
ARE YOU LYING
TO YOURSELF OR ME?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHO YOU ARE ANYMORE!
YOU'RE RIGHT ABOUT THAT!
YOU'RE NO LONGER
ALLOWED TO SEE HER.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
WATCH ME.
THIS DOESN'T CHANGE
THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT HER!
DON'T BOTHER
CALLING YOUR FATHER.
HE'S AS DISAPPOINTED
IN YOU AS I AM.
HEY, DINNER'S ALMOST READY.
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
( cell phone rings )
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
I'VE GOT TO TAKE THIS CALL,
BUT THEN WE ARE ALL
SITTING DOWN AT THIS TABLE
AND HAVING DINNER
AS A FAMILY.
SO WHAT WERE YOU
AND NOEL KAHN TALKING
ABOUT TODAY?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I SAW YOU WITH HIM
AT SCHOOL THIS MORNING.
YEAH. SO?
SO ARE YOU GUYS, LIKE,
FRIENDS NOW OR SOMETHING?
WE HANG OUT A LITTLE.
SINCE WHEN?
I DON'T KNOW.
A WHILE. WHY?
HAS HE ASKED YOU
ANYTHING ABOUT ME?
ABOUT MOM AND DAD?
HAVE YOU TOLD HIM ANYTHING?
UH... LIKE WHAT?
LOOK, NOEL, HE'S NOT
WHO YOU THINK HE IS.
OKAY, HE'S NOT YOUR FRIEND.
JEALOUS MUCH?
STUPID MUCH?
I'M SERIOUS, MIKE.
ARIA, IT WAS NOTHING.
JUST TELLING ME ABOUT
SOME STUPID RUMOR
HE HAD HEARD.
WHAT-- WHAT KIND OF RUMOR?
WELL, SUPPOSABLY, UM,
THE ENGLISH TEACHER--
YOU KNOW, THE ONE THAT
YOU THINK IS SO GREAT?--
IS HAVING A THING
WITH ONE OF HIS STUDENTS.
THAT'S NOT FUNNY, MIKE.
ACCUSATIONS LIKE THAT
CAN RUIN SOMEONE'S LIFE.
I'M NOT MAKING A JOKE.
NOEL SWEARS THAT
HE SAW THEM TOGETHER,
AND HE FEELS TERRIBLE
FOR THE GIRL, BUT...
YOU KNOW, TOMORROW
HE'S GONNA TELL THE PRINCIPAL.
ARIA...
HAVE YOU HEARD
ANYTHING ABOUT THIS?
DAD...
I'VE TOTALLY SCREWED UP.
I PROMISED SPENCER THAT I'D
STUDY AT HER PLACE TONIGHT.
WE'VE GOT THIS HUGE
MIDTERM TOMORROW.
SHE'S TOTALLY GONNA KILL ME.
( door opens, closes )
SO, ARE WE GONNA EAT,
OR WHAT?
( knocking on door )
WHAT HAPPENED TODAY?
IT'S OVER, ARIA.
THE HIDING,
THE SNEAKING AROUND.
IT-- IT'S OVER.
WAIT, EZRA.
NO, COME ON, YOU--
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED.
WHAT YOU AND I HAVE...
IS THE MOST REAL
AND HONEST THING
IN MY LIFE.
AND THAT'S SOMETHING
I HOPE YOU REMEMBER.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS
TOMORROW, THAT WON'T CHANGE.
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT ME.
I'M NOT GONNA CHANGE
NOEL'S GRADE,
AND I WILL NOT
LET HIM HURT YOU.
IF I RESIGN TOMORROW
AND GET THE HELL
OUT OF ROSEWOOD,
HE'LL HAVE NO REASON
TO TELL ANYBODY ABOUT US.
HEY, EVEN THOUGH
THIS DOESN'T LOOK RIGHT,
IT HAS ALWAYS FELT RIGHT,
AND I WILL NOT LET HIM
CHANGE THIS INTO SOMETHING
THAT FEELS WRONG.
I JUST CAN'T.
CAN'T.
I LOVE YOU.
READY FOR MIDTERMS?
NOT YET.
MAYBE YOU CAN TAKE
A BREAK TOMORROW NIGHT.
IAN AND I ARE TREATING
MOM AND DAD TO DINNER.
I'D LIKE IT IF YOU CAME.
YEAH, I'LL TRY, BUT...
DO YOU NEED HELP?
OH.
AN OVULATION KIT?
YOU WEREN'T
SUPPOSED TO SEE THAT.
BUT I DID.
CAN YOU KEEP A SECRET?
OF COURSE.
I MEAN IT.
THIS IS NOT SOMETHING
I'M PREPARED TO TELL
MOM AND DAD.
OKAY.
I'M TRYING TO GET PREGNANT.
WITH IAN?
OF COURSE.
WH-WHY THE RUSH?
WE WANT A BIG FAMILY,
AND I DON'T WANT TO BE
A GRANDMA WHEN MY KIDS
ARE IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I'VE NEVER ONCE HEARD YOU
SAY YOU WANTED A BIG FAMILY.
WELL, WE'VE NEVER
TALKED ABOUT IT, HAVE WE?
WHAT ABOUT WHARTON?
YOU'VE WORKED SO HARD
TO GET IN.
I'LL GET MY MBA, BUT...
I DON'T FEEL LIKE
I NEED TO BE THE BEST
AND THE FIRST ANYMORE.
ALL THOSE THINGS THAT
USED TO MATTER JUST...
DON'T SEEM THAT IMPORTANT.
THOSE THINGS
WERE EVERYTHING FOR YOU.
I DON'T EXPECT
YOU TO UNDERSTAND.
WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE,
I WANTED EVERYTHING YOU WANT.
YOU WANTED THOSE THINGS
LAST WEEK.
I'M HAPPY, SPENCER.
I REALLY AM.
Okay.
SO GETTING PREGNANT
IS YOUR IDEA,
NOT IAN'S?
YES.
DON'T YOU
LOVE THE THOUGHT
OF A LITTLE "MINI-ME"
OR "MINI IAN"
RUNNING AROUND?
NOT REALLY.
Ian: MELISSA!
I-I THOUGHT THIS WAS
SOMETHING WE WERE
GONNA KEEP PRIVATE.
I KNOW, BUT I JUST--
I LOOKED IN THE BAG BEFORE
SHE COULD EVEN STOP ME.
I PROMISE, I WON'T
TELL ANYONE.
TRUST ME, SPENCER
CAN KEEP A SECRET.
YEAH, I KNOW SHE CAN.
( door closes )
HEY. WHEN DID
YOU GET HOME?
UH, JUST NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING WITH THAT?
I'M GOING TO COOK IT.
FOR DINNER?
YEP.
HANNA.
MOM.
I KNOW WHEN YOU'RE BEING
DISHONEST WITH ME
EVEN BEFORE
YOU START TALKING.
YOU DO?
UH-HUH.
SPILL IT.
WHERE DID THAT MONEY
COME FROM?
HOW DO YOU KNOW WHEN I'M
BEING DISHONEST WITH YOU
BEFORE I EVEN START TALKING?
I'M WAITING.
MORE WINE?
HANNA.
WHAT DID YOU DO
TO GET THIS MONEY?
I FOUND IT IN THE BATHROOM,
AT LUCKY LEON'S.
REALLY?
REALLY.
AND IT DIDN'T OCCUR
TO YOU TO TURN IT IN
TO THE MANAGER?
NO, IT DIDN'T.
FIND A BETTER PLACE
TO HIDE IT.
HEY, MOM.
HM?
HOW DO YOU KNOW
WHEN I'M LYING?
OH, I'M NOT GIVING THAT UP.
OH, COME ON.
NOPE.
FINE. I'LL FIGURE IT OUT
ON MY OWN.
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
I AM STILL A VIRGIN.
I AM NOT A VIRGIN.
NO, I'LL JUST BORROW
SOMETHING OF SPENCER'S.
YEAH, HER-- HER PARENTS
ARE HERE. THEY KNOW
I'M STAYING OVER.
OKAY. GOOD NIGHT, DAD.
OKAY, THAT
I WON'T LET YOU DO.
WHAT?
LOOK AT ME LIKE...
THIS MIGHT BE
THE LAST TIME
YOU SEE ME.
MELISSA PREGNANT?
HEY, I SAID
THIS WAS A SECRET.
NO, IT'S NOT A SECRET.
IT'S A BOMBSHELL,
LIKE IN "NUKE-U-LAR."
IT'S "NUCLEAR."
"NUKE-LE-AR."
OKAY, WHATEVER. IT'S
STILL A DISASTER MOVIE.
I KNOW.
CAN YOU IMAGINE
MELISSA PREGNANT?
OR EVEN WORSE,
MELISSA AS A MOM?
I'VE NEVER ONCE HEARD
MELISSA TALK ABOUT KIDS.
NOW SHE WANTS TO HAVE
THIS HUGE FAMILY?
HE'S TOTALLY
MANIPULATING HER.
MANIPULATING HER?
SPENCE, YOUR SISTER'S
A BAD-ASS.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WE'RE GONNA FIND,
BUT I HAVE TO SEE
WHAT'S INSIDE THOSE BOXES.
EMILY?
HEY.
I DIDN'T EVEN GET
TO SAY GOODBYE.
TO WHO?
MAYA.
EM, WHERE IS SHE GOING?
THEY'RE SENDING HER
TO JUVIE CAMP,
FOR THREE MONTHS.
WHAT HAPPENED?
MY MOTHER.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED.
¶ BUT I'VE ¶
¶ NEVER FELT THIS FEEL ¶
¶ SO HEAVY ¶
¶ AND I'VE ¶
¶ NEVER FELT THIS FEEL ¶
¶ SO LOW ¶
¶ YEAH, IT ¶
¶ IS AWAKE INSIDE ¶
¶ MY WHOLE SOUL ¶
¶ BUT YOU ¶
¶ ARE MY STRENGTH ¶
¶ I WON'T STAND ALONE ¶
Man: STEP ASIDE, PLEASE.
Noel: SOMEBODY
SET ME UP, OKAY?
YOU'LL HAVE TO EXPLAIN
THIS ONE, MR. KAHN.
YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME.
YOU STOLE THE ANSWERS
TO THREE MIDTERMS, MR. KAHN.
I CAN'T IMAGINE EVER
BELIEVING IN YOU AGAIN.
THIS IS REALLY
UNACCEPTABLE,
AND I'M REALLY,
REALLY DISAPPOINTED IN YOU.
( cell phone beeps )
( beep )
I DON'T KNOW WHO
I'M MORE AFRAID OF--
"A" THE BITCH WHO TRIED
TO FLATTEN HANNA,
OR "A"
OUR NEW "FRIEN-EMY."
WHAT?
"A" SAVED MY RELATIONSHIP.
YEAH, WELL, "A"
TRIED TO KILL ME.
BECAUSE "A"
THOUGHT YOU SAW HER.
"A" CLEARLY KNOWS NOW
THAT YOU DIDN'T.
SO, THE LAW OF COSINES
IS AN EXTENSION OF
THE PYTHAGOREAN THEOREM
TO THE ARBITRARY ANGLES...
UH, ENGLISH, PLEASE.
IT'S NICE TO SEE
THE POSSE TOGETHER AGAIN.
THE POSSE?
THIS IS ME
PLAYING NICE, ARIA.
SPENCER AND I
HAVE CALLED A TRUCE.
OH, WELL,
I'LL PLAY ALONG.
HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE MARRIED?
IT FEELS LIKE...
I DON'T HAVE TO TRY
SO HARD ALL THE TIME,
LIKE THINGS ARE SETTLED.
YEAH. THAT'S HOW MY MOM
FELT BEFORE MY DAD
MET ISABELLE.
( chuckles )
ONE THING I DON'T NEED
TO WORRY ABOUT
IS IAN LOOKING AT
OTHER WOMEN.
( sighs )
YOU READY, WIFE?
I AM, MY HANDSOME HUSBAND.
Ian: BYE.
WHAT?
THERE IS SOMETHING
THAT I NEED TO SHOW YOU,
IN MY ROOM.
WAIT, NO.
I THINK SHE SHOULD
FIND IT HERSELF.
Hanna:
I AGREE, BUT FIRST...
THERE.
NOW YOU CAN GO.
HM.
GO.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONE!
I'M LEAVING
IN THE MORNING.
I'M SO SORRY, MAYA.
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT.
DON'T SAY THAT.
IT'S NOT TRUE.
I'VE LEFT YOU, LIKE,
A HUNDRED MESSAGES.
AND WHEN YOU
DIDN'T CALL ME BACK,
I THOUGHT THAT
YOU WERE MAD AT ME.
MY PARENTS
BLOCKED MY PHONE.
HOW DID YOU GET HERE?
I'D SAY IT TOOK A VILLAGE...
AND A VERY TALL LADDER.
HEY.
LOOK AT THIS.
EVERYONE KEPT THAT.
Hanna: WHAT'S THIS?
YOU GUYS, LOOK.
REALLY?
IT'S FINE.
CREEPY.
( laughter )
YOU KNOW, I AM OFFICIALLY
JEALOUS OF EMILY'S LOVE LIFE.
¶ LUANN, LUANN, LUANN ¶
¶ WASHING YOUR FEET ¶
¶ WASHING THEM OFF ¶
¶ LUANN, LUANN, LUANN ¶
¶ WASHING YOUR FEET ¶
¶ WASHING THEM OFF ¶
¶ BUT I NEED NO MONEY ¶
¶ I NEED NO WORDS
TO UNDERSTAND ¶
¶ BUT I NEED YOUR LOVE ¶
¶ OOH ¶
WE'VE GOT COMIC BOOKS,
MORE COMIC BOOKS,
AND... MORE COMIC BOOKS.
EVIDENCE OF GEEKDOM,
BUT NOT A CRIME.
Maya: HEY.
THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
OF COURSE.
YOU'LL BE BACK SOON.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW TO THANK YOU GUYS.
TONIGHT WAS THE BEST GIFT
ANYONE COULD HAVE
EVER GIVEN ME.
WHERE ARE THEY SENDING HER?
SOMEPLACE CALLED
TRUE NORTH.
SERIOUSLY?
IS IT BAD?
THEY SENT BETSY BERGER THERE
FOR HUFFING SPRAY PAINT.
SHE CAME BACK AS A DRUMMER
IN A GOSPEL BAND.
MAYA'S AN AMAZING PERSON, EM.
SHE'S--
SHE'S GONNA BE FINE.
Yeah.
DID YOU GUYS FIND ANYTHING?
WE'VE LOOKED THROUGH
EVERY BOX
AND FOUND A BIG,
FAT NOTHING.
( cell phone beeps )
"DON'T SAY I NEVER
GAVE YOU ANYTHING.
TURN ON YOUR COMPUTER.
'A.'"
IF THE GIRLS KNEW
I WAS SEEING YOU,
OH, MY GOD, THEY'D NEVER
SHUT UP ABOUT IT.
THIS IS THE VIDEO
COOPER SHOWED US.
I WISH THEY WERE
MORE MATURE, BUT...
WE DON'T HAVE A LOT OF TIME.
I HAVE TO GET BACK
BEFORE THEY WAKE UP.
I KNOW YOU WANT TO KISS ME.
( all gasp )
OH, MY GOD!
COME CLOSER.
( Alison gasps )
( all gasp )
( thud )
Girl: DO YOU SEE ANYTHING?
Girl #2:
THAT BITCH IS FAST.
LET'S GO BACK.